Good afternoon, do you have the book about
tiredness, yes, but you are exhausted?
Well, well, it's a little joke. To start, they're
playing at us to break the ice. You know
that I'm the king of smoke,
I can't help it. I told you on twitter that I was reading the new novel by Aurum Play. I asked if he wanted me to do a little review, a little review, not of the book, and obviously I'm happy to say yes. Well, to start with, this book is his first novel, but it's actually
his third book. Okay, first we had the
best one, the worst one was that it was a real
mess. The truth is, it wasn't a
book per se, it was more like the
troll book of the blonde or something comparable. Then
one with a little more writing, aura,
play the book and now he's released a
novel. Before I started reading it, in order to be
able to do this review based on
something, not taking something into account, I
asked him if he had really
written it, he was explaining to me that he had
written it, but that
a scriptwriter had helped him so that he could
structure the story well,
not take risks with the plots. Well,
the truth is that he does know it.  if you follow it
closely you realize that it has a lot of
Sauron Plate influence and you realize
that he is indeed there behind it I
have to say that it is a fairly
entertaining read it fulfills its purpose very much
and manages to entertain you and
get you into the story and also it
hooks you quite well obviously
as I said a moment ago he is not a
professional person who is dedicated to
this he is not a writer and if you come
looking for something like 'twilight' the lord
of the rings' logically it is not the
same but it is a young adult thriller that
is quite good I also wanted to say
the bad things about the book not so that it would not be
all praise no and in reality what
we find are quite
insignificant things they are nonsense but well
I did not like the name that the placement
of the characters that the color silvestre
jiang
harris mail and there is a character
called oliveira that whether I love it or not
but I see that it has been too complicated
to find the names the characters I do
not know why I do not know with what reasons well I would
not have put this more does not
own them luís ricardo but no as there
are already a couple of scenes during  the
story also that I have found a
little unnecessary not in the way the
conversations between friends
there are a couple of times a long week
too much and like a small fault not
small finite insignificant but there is
a point in the story in a chapter 2
in which the great talks about it in
third person when throughout the
book he speaks in first person I don't know
why I have reviewed it and I don't understand that
moment I don't know if it is intentional
but no he did not ask for it and it
seems silly the protagonist throughout the
book there are two occasions in which they
call him on the fine phone and on both
occasions he says something like who is to
call a landline today which
is the first time the
landline rings both times he says the same thing
okay then there plane
a little one who has left and now I have to
comment it is a quite
curious thing no you know that I have said it
many times there is no youtube break in
which I idolize a lot in my
favorite youtube apart from the fact that I really like
his humor he is a person with whom I
agree a lot in opinions okay although
right now he is making content
that is not basically directed to what
I am looking for not because I am  a little bit
more of a son of a [ __ ] let's say to put it in a
futile way and now I'm a little bit
more familiar feeling but normally it's
been a person with whom I
always agree on opinions okay it's happened to us
that you find a person with whom you
have so many things in common or
so many things in common that sometimes it's even
scary and it no longer happens to you that your
face on one side is different from the other
forever this guy and this guy or
the others and I got all freaked out so it's that I met a girl over here and social also well but this legacy is over here if it has it has this clown point I have a problem with my face I have a problem and that is that my face is not the same on both sides
look at this side look at
this okay look at this side and look at this
this hate this side of the face well this
is one of the things that happens to me with euro
in play no reason I also like it so
much no because I liked it a lot and it's
a guy who has worked for a lot of
years in a graphic art company something
that I also is a guy who
really likes the world of the internet who really likes
trolling his beginnings on youtube
as well  that the same ones were
fighting crossing this video with a
lady, okay, those who have followed me from the very
beginning, very beginning, in the beginning, very, very, very
beginning, that much, until the
same one, and no one from there
knows that story and although it has
mounted a little thing that I am not going to
do any spoilers but I am going to comment on
a couple of things about the history of the
book and that is that the book is basically
about a youtube okay, a
successful youtuber who has millions of
subscribers, many people say that it is
biographical that it is something biographical that
although his name is yo, he is graham, he is aurum
play, I there are moments when I have
thought that sauro is worth it because they have
many things in common, he has a little sister that he
adores, he
does soul, he likes Chinese food but
then he has two or three points, those that
are not now a play 2, for example, the
protagonist of the story does not have a
girlfriend, the protagonist of this story
says he has never set foot in a
police station in his life, I want to remember that there will be
a play once he had an accident, I don't
remember if it was because of some video of the
e-mails and it was something like that but there was a
small complaint in between, I don't remember
well in fact  but it sounds something like that to me
but it could perfectly be I'm talking about
another time ago no, I have not even come
to think that there are characters that could
really be his friends, you don't get to
think for example in Kevin it could be
Luis de Val and I have come to think that he is already
Wing Michu and Arturo what I wanted to
say is that the book is about a
successful YouTuber who is very funny and
is not very funny anymore and who makes a
viral video playing a prank
call on a guy he doesn't play a prank on
a guy he humiliates him quite a bit not your typical
funny guy not your typical
funny YouTuber how can you Sauron plate and
then when you read this video this
man this character the man
takes it quite badly
and we see a case of harassment this man becomes
very obsessed with YouTube and
wants to make his life impossible he wants to
destroy the vouchers he wants to ruin his
career as a YouTuber
you know that a
case quite similar to this has happened to me not of a
person to whom I made a video they
humiliate him and this person became obsessed
with me to such an extent that I
considered with just boxes and even
in the book the enemy of the protagonist
asks YouTube and demands that  make
a video on your channel
apologizing no and this youtuber feels
like he's violating your space not like
molding a video for my channel not
something as personal as on my channel and that
you decide a video to upload in it is not
something that happened to me too it
is not exactly the same and what has
shocked me terribly is that his
enemy the person who is
harassing him calls him the
youtube vigilante okay he has a name that is
tonal but he calls him by the nickname the
youtube vigilante this is something
that has already scared me there is even
a scene that is crazy and that is that
youtube is doing a live with its
subscribers and from the comments
in the broadcast the stalker appears being a pain in the
ass so nothing more to add
gentlemen I tell you sincerely and I do not
say it to thank anyone or because you
have to have a gun
pointed at me but I highly recommend the
book especially if you like
euro in place if you are a big fan of
it you will love it but even if you do not
like it that much  I'm not a fan of YouTube
if you want something to read to entertain you over the
weekend, something fun, not a
young adult novel, I recommend that you
buy it, okay, I recommend it because it's
quite good and well, I said it, I
hope you liked this video
and I wanted to add the store when I'm
going to buy the new comic
and visually it seemed to me that it supports you, okay, I'm
probably going to buy it if this
video reaches 1000 light too, or I'll do
a review of that book
until next time.